The next exercise we're gonna do is
kind of talking a little bit more about
for loops.
And it lives in the basic syntax
exercise 3A mark down file
should take about five to seven minutes.
So let's hop over to that file and
look at what we're gonna be working on.
So the goals for this exercise,
we're gonna practice setting up that basic
go file which we're gonna be using
throughout the rest of the workshop,
declare some variables.
And then we're gonna iterate over
a collection using both a classic for
loop and the range keyword.
We'll use some if statements and
then you'll might have to
troubleshoot some errors that arise.
And then the file actually
has a bottom here some hints.
But before we get to that, the directions
for this particular exercise,
you'll create another file
called exercise 3A.go.
I'll go ahead and put it in the code
directory if you so choose.
And in your main function,
the first thing you'll do is declare a
variable that has the value of a sentence.
So we're kinda through
the example we just did.
Iterate over that sentence, and
then the kicker here is this number 4.
If the index of that letter is an odd
number, print that letter to the console.
So a couple of hints to get you started,
you might need to convert
the type that we just ran into.
And then just so
you know the module operator in go,
that percent sign behaves the same
way as it does in JavaScript.
So if you use the module operator,
it'll give you back the remainder
of that mathematical operation.